Add EXTRA_ARGS to Makefile (#419)
oamg/convert2rhel: convert2rhel/unit_tests/README.md

make tests8
```

> If you're willing to pass extra arguments for the pytest execution inside the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to pass extra arguments for the pytest execution inside the container
```
